Feature/fields in auth admin (#220)
maykinmedia/objects-api: docs/admin/authorization.rst

----------------

Finally it's time to create a permission to access objects with "boom" object types.

.. image:: _assets/img/authorization_objects_main_permission.png
    :alt: Click on the "add" button for "Permission"

> In the admin page of the Objects API click on the "add" button for "Permission"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the admin page of the Objects API, click on the "Add" button next to the "Permissions"
```
